# Last Class Today!  

## Thursday, 2018-09-27 A Formal Request For Environmental Awareness, by Johnson Li  
**Interesting Tech News:** [Yes Facebook is using your 2FA phone number to target you with ads](https://techcrunch.com/2018/09/27/yes-facebook-is-using-your-2fa-phone-number-to-target-you-with-ads/)  
#### Do Now  
1. Make an HTML page with a text input field and a submit button.  
2. Jot down what you remember about forms being submitted.  

Mr. Brown provided us with a snippet of code that should look very similar to what you did for the do now:  
```HTML
<body>
    <form action="/auth">
      <input type="text" name="username">
      <input type="submit" name="Subl">
    </form>
</body>
```
The action in the form tag makes a request to myfoistwebsite.nyc/***auth***  

We then talked about  
```python 
cgi.FieldStorage
```    
From this we can assume that:  
* 'FieldStorage' is from a module because of the dot   
* It's a attribute because there are no parentheses.  

Also, cgi.FieldStorage is an immutable dictionary generated by form submission.  

#### Task(s)  
-Write a flask app with root route rendering your HTML file as a template.  
-Insert print(app) into function in root route and watch console when you refresh.  

From the task we saw that the console printed `<Flask 'app'>`  
This is python's way of stringifying an object. `<className 'varName'>`  

#### Notes  
Flask's request object stores information about an incoming request.  

Useful Fields:  
* ```request.headers```
    * HTML headers from client browser.
* ```request.method```
    * GET or POST request.
* ```request.args```
    * arguments as a querystring from GET request.
    * immutable dictionary.
* ```request.form```
    * arguments sent via POST requests
    * immutable dictionary  
    
To use these fields, you have to import request from flask.  
```from flask import request``` or ```from flask import Flask, request```  

#### Elucidation Task:  
Figure out via console messages some keys in request dictionary.  

**PROTIP:** Use diagnostic print statements.  
```python
@app.route("/auth")
def authenticate():
    print(app)
    print(request)
    print(request.args)
    print(request.args['username']
    print(request.headers)
    return "waaaa hooo HAAAH"
```
